Shoe Closet

Problem
You have N pairs of distinguishable shoes. Integer numbers from 1 to N are assigned to these pairs of shoes.
You also have a shoe closet with N storage spaces to store these shoes.
You can store one left shoe and one right shoe in each storage space.
You usually store the left and their corresponding right shoe in pairs in each storage space.
However, someone played a trick on you and switched some shoes in the shoe closet, and non-corresponding pairs of shoes were stored in some storage spaces.

To restore the state so that the shoes in each storage space are stored in their corresponding pairs, you will repeat the following operation several times.

Select one shoe each from two different storage space and switch their storage spaces. The shoes to be selected here must be two right shoes or two left shoes.
Since you are busy, you need to accomplish the goal with the least operations.

Calculate the minimum number of the operations necessary to restore the original state in which the right pairs of shoes are stored in each storage space.

The final goal is to restore the state in which the right pairs of shoes are stored in each storage space, and therefore which shoes are stored in which storage space does not matter as long as the right pairs of shoes are stored in each storage space.

Input
Input is given from the standard input in the format shown below:

N
L1 R1
L2 R2
:
LN RN

1.In the first line, N(1≦N≦105), which indicate the number of pairs of shoes that you have.
2.In the following N lines, the ith line contains integers Li(1≦Li≦N) and Ri(1≦Ri≦N), separated by space, which indicate the information of the shoes stored in the ith storage space. It indicates that the left shoe Li and the right shoe Ri are stored in the ith storage space.
	If i≠j, Li≠Lj and Ri≠Rj are true.
	There is a case where Li=Ri.

Output
Output the minimum number of the operations necessary to restore the state in which the right pairs of shoes are stored in each storage space in a single line.

Write output to the standard output and insert LF at the end of the line.


Input Example 1
5
3 5
1 2
4 4
2 3
5 1
Output Example 1
3
If you conduct the operations explained below, you can accomplish the goal with three operations:
1.Switch the left shoes in the 2nd storage space and the 5th storage space.
2.Switch the right shoes in the 2nd storage space and the 4th storage space.
3.Switch the left shoes in the 1st storage space and the 2nd storage space.

Input Example 2
5
1 5
2 4
3 2
4 1
5 3
Output Example 2
4

Input Example 3
6
1 1
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 5
6 6
Output Example 3
0
